Privacy Policy For Steemmakers

 

This document, our Privacy Policy, governs how Steemmakers (“we”, “us”, “Steemmakers”) handles our users’ (“you,” “your,” etc.) data on the Steemmakers website itself. Your use of our Services indicates your consent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not want to be bound by these agreements, you may not use our Services. We work very hard to preserve your privacy and security, and we do our best to be as transparent as possible in explaining how we use your data in providing our Services.

 

INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
 

PERSONAL INFORMATION

 

In the course of using the SteemMakers Service, we may require or otherwise collect information that identifies you as a specific individual and can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Example of the personal information we would require from you is your Steemit.com username. 

 

 

 

HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION

 

When you access or use our Services, We collect the following types of Information about you. This includes:

 

LOG AND USAGE DATA:

We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked, user interactions, the requested URL, hardware settings, and search terms.
INFORMATION FROM COOKIES:

 

·         We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests. We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred settings. Please note that you can disable cookies. We use both persistent cookies that remain on your computer or similar device (such as to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the service) and session ID cookies, which expire at the end of your browser session (for example, to enable certain features of the service, to better understand how SteemMakers users interact with the service and to monitor aggregate usage by SteemMakers users). You may instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.

 

 

 

WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US:

To improve the SteemMakers website, address your inquiries and verify the information you provide.
Prevent and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and/or violations of our posted user terms;
Compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties (e.g  SteemConnect.com).
For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.
We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your permission. From time to time we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal information with third parties. You may opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your authorization. If you choose to so limit the use of your personal information, certain features or SteemMakers Services may not be available to you.

HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH OTHER PARTIES:

We may share your personal information with:

Service providers under contract who help with parts of our business operations such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit
Companies or other entities that we plan to merge with or be acquired by. Should such a merger occur, we will require that the new merged entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information. You will receive prior notice of any merger.
·         When you use our Services, certain information may be shared with other users and the public. For example: When you submit a post or comment to the Services, visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see the content of your posts and comments, the username associated with your posts or comments, and the date and time you originally submitted the post or comment. 

Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
 

SteemMakers will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties, but will only share your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.

AGE LIMIT

SteemMakers is not intended or directed at individuals under the age of 13. Therefore, individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account or otherwise access or use the Services.

 

COMMUNITY FORUMS

The SteemMakers Service may provide you the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums, through interactive and other communication functionality; Contacts or through Discord - (https://discord.gg/EFGbRuW). You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post questions, comments, or requests. Note that anything you post to a SteemMakers Community Forum through Discord is public - others will have access to your User Forum Content and may use it or share it with third parties. If you choose to voluntarily disclose Personal Information in the Community Forums, that information will be considered public information and the protections of this Privacy Policy will not apply.

 

SECURITY
SteemMakers takes reasonable steps to help protect and secure the information (posting key) it collects and stores about SteemMakers Users. All access to the Site is encrypted. We ensure an encrypted transmission of information and data, we also use HTTP strict transport security to add an additional layer of protection for our SteemMakers Users.

N/B
SteemMakers does not hold any authority or control over any third party platform (Steemconnect.com and Steemit.com). Some changes regarding any third party platform can reflect in our system.

 

PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will provide you with additional notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Service or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. If you continue to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you consent to the revised policy.

 

FEEDBACK
We collect feedback from SteemMakers Users about their experience on the SteemMakers website. Please note that any feedback you provide via the Discord - https://discord.gg/EFGbRuW, is publicly viewable via the Server. On very rare occasions, we MAY remove feedback if it is found not to serve the purpose of SteemMakers.

 

QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS WEBSITE AND THE INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU 

If you have any general questions about this website or the information we have collected about you and how we use it, you can contact If you have any questions about your information including what we hold and how it is used, you can contact us on Discord.

